Privacy Statement - Open Enterprise Quality Management System (Open EQMS)

Open EQMS is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information we collect, hold and use. We are bound by the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) which sets out the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs).

Collection of Personal Information
Open EQMS may collect personal information from you including your name, contact details and other information that may be relevant to the provision of our services. We will only collect personal information that is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, one or more of our functions or activities.

Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We will use and disclose your personal information only for the purpose for which it was collected, or for a related purpose that you would reasonably expect. We may also use or disclose your personal information for other purposes with your consent or as required or authorized by law.

Open EQMS may use or disclose your personal information to third parties including service providers who assist us with the provision of our services or to comply with our legal obligations.

Security of Personal Information
We will take reasonable steps to protect personal information from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorized access, modification, or disclosure. We will store personal information in a secure manner and only grant access to authorized personnel who require access to perform their duties.

Access and Correction of Personal Information
You have the right to access and correct your personal information held by Open EQMS. If you wish to access or correct your personal information, please contact us at [insert contact details].

Complaints
If you have any concerns or complaints about the way in which we handle your personal information, please contact us at [insert contact details]. We will endeavor to respond to your complaint within a reasonable timeframe.

Updates to Privacy Statement
We may update this privacy statement from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, legal requirements, or for other reasons. We encourage you to review this privacy statement periodically to stay informed about our privacy practices.