Privacy Policy - Open Enterprise Quality Management System (Open EQMS)

At Open EQMS, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal information entrusted to us. We comply with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) of Canada and other applicable privacy laws.

Collection of Personal Information
We collect personal information about users of our software system in order to provide them with the best possible experience. Personal information may include, but is not limited to, names, email addresses, phone numbers, and job titles.

We collect personal information in the following ways:

When users provide it to us through our website or other communication channels
When users download and use our software system
Use of Personal Information
We use personal information to provide users with the best possible experience when using our software system. This may include:

Sending users important updates and notifications about the software system
Responding to user inquiries and providing customer support
Conducting research and analytics to improve the software system
We may also use personal information for other purposes that are consistent with the original purpose of collection or as required or permitted by law.

Disclosure of Personal Information
We do not disclose personal information to third parties without user consent, except as permitted or required by law. We may disclose personal information to service providers who help us operate our business and provide services to our users. These service providers are required to keep personal information confidential and secure.

Security of Personal Information
We take reasonable steps to protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. We use a variety of security measures to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of personal information.

Access to Personal Information
Users have the right to access and correct their personal information. Users may contact us at any time to request access to their personal information or to update or correct their personal information.

Retention of Personal Information
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as required by law. When personal information is no longer needed, we securely destroy it.

Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify users of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our website.

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [contact email].

Thank you for using Open EQMS.

